Welcome to this second meeting. This is a meeting on functional design. I did took the minutes from the first meeting. and I'll show them to you in a moment. I know each of you have a presentation. and in thinking about the forty minutes, I thought it would take only like three minutes for the previous minutes,. each of you having about seven minutes or maybe a little more, maybe a little less for your pre presentations and a little discussion,. because there's I happen to have been told there were some new project requirements. and we have to make some decision on what functions it will have. for the minutes of the first meeting. the product was developed and reviewed,. and we talked about the financial end of it. and it had some implications, the four million sales target and new ideas of not too many buttons, bright colours and some of the influence of the Japanese. Did I miss something?
We we we talked about the the individual roles that we each had as well.
As a group I think we've are they're accepting the minutes. then we'll move to the three presentations.
One of the the biggest issues I found about from last meeting was the fact that we need to sell four million of these remote controls. and I think that this is an opportunity to really take Real Reaction in the direction of of similar of handheld tools that have been used and are used by many of us and to kind of bring the remote control into the si same realm as an accessible useful electronic device, as opposed to something that is lost in the couch and what have you. my main goal here is to re-envision the remote control in in this context. and to think about menu functionality and current technology. some of the research in the market has shown that people really are not happy with remote controls as they are now,. and that means we do need to make some decisions about what what keys or or buttons on the on the remote control to perhaps keep and and what ones to discard. And if we devote some energy into this, I think the recent productions of Real Reaction, the I go everywhere power and the high definition DVD players although it makes immediate sense to have our remote control interact with these,. I think we can also use this as a platform to make it interact with other tools. again, most users really dislike the current look and feel of remote controls. fifty percent of user say they only use ten percent of the buttons. eighty percent would spend more money on a remote control that looks fancy.
Could can I ask where these figures come from,
It was market research. and there were a hundred people in the room,. so eighty out of a hundred said they would spend more money.
In between, as the Project Manager, they sent me an email from the powers that be. that teletext is outdated. and the internet is coming in as important,. but that they want this remote control to only be for TV. with incorporating the corporate image, colour and slogan.
An interesting element was the would you pay more for speech recognition question. these market research questionnaires looked into your your concern about technology. and specifically wanted to find out information about speech recognition. the early adopters, those of us who grew up with technology and luck lucky for us have the cash to to pay for it,. the young age group without the mortgages and responsibilities, ninety one percent of them would pay more for speech recognition in a remote control. I I leave this up to the group to decide if we wanna use this if and you know, the the designers,. but ninety one percent, fifteen to twenty five. I mean three quarters of the next age group, twenty five to thirty five are interested,
In real numbers, does the ninety one percent and the seventy six percent translate to ex in excess of the four million?
I don't know if speech recognition should be should be included,. I think that maybe shows more about being open to technology.
It definitely needs a lot more research. on like how much more it would be. and any, you know, existing examples,
How I'm wondering how how ou how our target price compares with the the typical price of these things.
I I I did not receive any information on that,. but I think the competition, sussing out what other people are doing and what's in the pipeline is very very important,. because there is a question about do you want an LCD screen. and and that wasn't responded to,. but some of the larger remotes do have screens where you can navigate,. But I think the key is to get the early adopters, people who are familiar with technology
That's looking at age groups.
And I'm making and I'm making the the leap that people who are familiar younger people are are more familiar with technology than than older people. Or comfortable,. I think the most important thing is an attractive streamlined remote control. and to be extraordinarily reductionist, power, channel, volume and everything else is is up to the designers.
Technical functions design. I think first off, basically I do agree with what Sarah has defined as as your personal preferences,yeah. I think we need a more streamlined volume with no extraneous functions. my method was to look at the existing remotes and what functions they have. And what we all need to discuss is whether we want these functions pretty much the same as what existing remotes have. If we can build on this with the speech recognition,. that's not something I'd thought about at all,. and and I presume we can miss out the functions really to to a video or DVD remote control, if this is only gonna be a, you know, satellite, cable, TV remote control. these are two models of existing remote controls. the one on the left seems to be a fairly standard universal remote control. It has fast-forward, stop, play, all relating to movies. It also has seems to have channel up and channel down,. but I think we should be looking more along the lines of the one on the right,. which has it also has play, stop and pause and everything,. I don't think we need them at all. I think we just need channel selection, volume up, volume down. and I think an an enter function where you can access it's not like teletext, but along the same lines, access things on the screen. not related to the internet one that you mentioned,. because that'd be far outside our budget and what we want this to do. I was thinking something some smooth, sleek, little remote control with big user-friendly buttons and a menu that you can access. but then I do think we need to discuss the speech recognition possibility. But we could go back to the pictures of the, what're they called? The pictures of the remote controls. and possibly discuss what we think about them,
I think the white that one on the right is, as well as less cluttered,
The the style of these is terrible. not only possibly even materials, like the type of plastic used, but everything including size and shape of buttons, positioning of buttons, the actual shape of the hand-held device, colours, just every yeah, everything to do with this has to be revolutionised. that's that for now.
I wanna bring us down to earth again I'm afraid. and talk about the actual practicalities of how the thing needs to work. I've been doing a little bit of web-based research,. But the the net result is that I've come up with a first cut for the working design. that I'd like to discuss with you. let's go back to what the basic function of a remote control is. It's for sending a message, typically via infrared. And the the basic components we've got to build in for our twelve Euros fifty are an energy source, the user interface. which will in incorporate an integrated circuit. that actually composes the message based on what the which buttons the user presses,. we turn that into a message,. and then we need a sending mechanism to send it to the receiver. we want an energy source. And we've got to think about what that might be. typically it would be a battery,. but I'm open to suggestions. then we have the the user interface. And the main components in there are the the th the chip. that translates button presses into a message,. and sends the message to the receiver.
What what does it look like? What do the buttons look like? That's where the user interface is really coming into its own. The technical end is what's actually gonna be in there,. or what if the chip, for whatever reason, breaks down after a certain amount of time, do you just replace it? does it have to have a a way of being segregated from the others, in a different frequency or something?
I may be wrong here,. but I'd been thinking of this device as being a a cheap mass-produced device. and I hadn't thought of it as being a reparable thing,. I like the idea of speech recognition, that's a great idea,. but I'm not convinced we can put it into this box for the price that we need gonna need to hit.
Do we have ki some idea of how much it would cost to create a device that has these basic elements?
I'm I'm I'm hoping that my personal coach is gonna give me some advice on that, if you're asking me,
It does it does seem as if we're just to do something really simple and mass-produced,. Although what what suddenly came into my head is, you know how they always take two AA batteries. Could it be possible to have, you know, like a rechargeable internal battery, like, well, like an MP three player does? With that you could jus or a mobile phone or whatever. You could you know, you just plug into a power source for a couple of hours,. and then it's recharged for ages and ages and ages,. and you don't have to worry with replacing AA batteries,
Which is if every time you're done using the remote you put it on a charger, then you then it has a place.
And it's not stuck down the back of the sofa. But then again I I don't know if this is within our price range or not.
I think that's a very interesting idea,. and I don't know much about what these things cost.
It's better than my idea about solar, probably.
Solar may not be so good when you're watching TV in the night,
It would have to sor store up the energy. M yeah, that would be too heavy. and it'd cost too much.
But just a rechargeable internal battery would probably I mean it might cost more to at first to develop and to install,. but for long-term use it'll be so much more convenient and economic than fiddling around trying to replace chunky AA batteries and not having any in your kitchen drawer
Do you think we might make that a selling point if it was something that we found we could afford to develop?
Sort of have its little dock that you could put it in.
And the dock could look very fancy
Still I don't know if it's quite within our price range.
Are we agreed as to what our target group is though? so that we'd be looking for the younger end.
But I think you raised some good questions. about are there enough of these people out there,. or are they making purchasing decisions?
Bu but what I was gonna say was, although they they may be buying, you know, personal music devices and all that,. are they necessarily buying TV remote controls?
It might be good to know. who, you know, who's actually buying televisions
Or do we make sure that it goes to the man through the manufacturer? We sell to the manufacturer as the remote that goes with it.
That's probably more what it is. We're not gonna get any resolutions by the end of the day,
The other thing that we're supposed to do is make decision on our functions. Our functions, we've so far decided, I think, that power, channel, volume make it attractive. it has to have an enter key and of course the number keys. It has to have big user-friendly buttons. and sh definitely we wanna be inspired. that the current styles are just plain awful.
I have a chart here that I didn't include.
Actually we're, you know, we are almost a half hour out of the forty minutes,. so we have to get close to finishing.
My only comment is I think maybe we could somehow include an enter key in like a power key if power power was enter and pow that was my only just really in terms of streamlining.
Enter, power as a oh a sum simultaneous key.
H how does that work? how do you avoid switching the thing off when you actually wanna press enter?
If you're pressing enter, the the thing would already be on,. and so maybe when you press power, initially it turns it on,. press power again and use that as an enter
Then you'd have to have an off te off key.
I was thinking maybe you to turn it off you'd have to press power twice in succession,
It's not getting a bit complicated?
Or something that has a a turning dial, where at the far end is on or off. It's definitely channel, volume, power.
Things like screen settings and audio settings, I would generally do them on the actual television itself,. like here you have a you know, a little flap th with a little control panel on the actual box itself.
As you said, you know, don't make it too hard for the granny. will be completed questionnaire,. then we'll have some time for individual work to continue our research. and I'll put some minutes of this meeting together. your individual assignments are for Kate to do the components,. for you, Steph, to do the user interface. and for you the trend-watching. and each of us will get help from our coach. Then that's the end of this meeting.
We didn't come to any sort of decision on the functions though.
I think I went over the functions. and wrote them down. that's what I went over and nobody was objecting to them.
Could you reiterate the new project requirements,
The teletext is outdated,. it's only to be for a TV. and it must include the corporate image, colour and slogan
Is that the yellow and black?
It doesn't tell me.
I'll just use it from their website.